Pure Cronenberg but story didnt flow. Great visuals and unique scenery. If only the story flowed better.
neutral

As Cronenberg as it gets, for better and worse. Usual freaky body horror element, but not as gross as I had heard. Takes too long to get going and ends just as it really gets good.
negative

This was the worst movie I have ever seen. You’ll agree as soon as you see the rickety breakfast chair. 
negative

I like it but it doesn't have a ending! Hopefully their is a second one soon.
positive

Such a terrible movie. It was slow and hard to understand. The concept could have been executed much better than it was.
negative

walked out after 20m
negative

A genuine specimen of true Sci-Fi, this bizarrely beautiful film definitely is not for everyone. It is not horror, or action, but rather a slow art-drama that exquisitely crafts a completely new world that only someone like Cronenberg could have conceived.
positive

Crimes exist in all forms whether in the past or in the future 
But are there crimes against humanity that simply go beyond what we are capable of committing? 
Director David Cronenberg of his body horror fame returns to deliver a new take starring Viggo Mortensen, Lea Seydoux, Kristen Stewart, and Scott Speedman 
In the future humanity has found a way to completely erase all physical pain due to pollution and climate change 
This presents an opportunity for the general population to hurt themselves without feeling any of its effects; but it also gives them unlimited opportunities to alter their physical bodies with no limitations 
The population is also immune to infectious disease, they don't wash their hands anymore and the prefer to perform bodily alterations in public 
To some surgery is the new sex giving the feeling of great sensations 
Viggo Mortensen is the latest being Saul Tenser as a performance artist to undergo surgery adding more organs to himself 
Yet new laws are being put into effect by a new group using his notoriety to access the next step of human evolution 
The national organ registry is essential to tattoo all new organs 
Saul isn't liking what's happening to the body's biology particularly his because new organs keep popping up having them constantly removed 
It's true some prefer pain, it's a warning system, it's necessary to limit ourselves 
Overall this felt very restrained given its premise 
Cronenberg has been known to delve deep into his grotesque imagery along the lines of H.P. Lovecraft and H.R. Geiger
But fans might be slightly disappointed this takes a more philosophical route than anything testing the limits of human evolution and the fabric of our nature, that we shouldn't be fighting what our bodies might become as a natural progression of our species genetic makeup 
This wasn't as sickly or queasy as I thought it was gonna be 
Yet it still has some intriguing concepts I wish could've been further implemented 
As a whole it was fine but still touches upon our modern day anxieties with technology and acts as a profound meditation on the future of the human race
positive

A film one was so obsessed with proving it could do a bunch of wild sht with no one in the room asking if they should. Unsure what its trying to say about life or society, and it takes itself really seriously.

I'm okay seeing it once to witness the insanity but Ill never watch this thing again.
negative

Clearly Crimonenberg’s most ambitious body horror to date. If you’ve followed him through works like Videodrome and Existenz, you know a bit of what to expect. Here he has created a rich post industrial world where man mutates to adapt to his new environment despite the law’s fear of such mutations in the face of the loss of humanity. In a world where humans no longer know pain, performance artists Saul Tenser (Mortensen) and Caprice (Lèa Seydoux) perform sensual surgeries for a supportive audience. The rich world with its bizarre cast of characters could easily lead to a sequel or streaming show. 
positive

